document app storage settings. (#1285)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/api/storage.md

```
</details>

---
### Get App Storage Group Settings

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/v1/storage/groups/&#123;group_id&#125;/settings</code></summary>
<p/>

> Returns the settings of the requested app group id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the settings of the requested app group ID.
```

> Returns the settings of the requested app group (apps containing multiple files).

Reviewer 2: Returns the settings of the requested app groupID

Author: that's even more wrong.. wrong on so many levels..

Author: Returns the settings of the requested app group id. would be probably best..

Reviewer 2: agreed

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>group_id</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | INTEGER |</small></p><p>ID of the group of which settings need to be fetched.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | INTEGER |</small></p><p>The unique identifier of the app group. You can look up group IDs using the [Get App Storage Groups](http://localhost:3000/dev/api/storage/#get-app-storage-groups) endpoint. </p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>

</table>

<Tabs
groupId="dc-url"
defaultValue="us"
values={[
{label: 'United States', value: 'us'},
{label: 'Europe', value: 'eu'},
]}>

<TabItem value="us">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" --location \
--request GET 'https://api.us-west-1.saucelabs.com/v1/storage/groups/2175303/settings' | json_pp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="eu">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" \
--request GET 'https://api.eu-central-1.saucelabs.com/v1/storage/groups/2175303/settings' | json_pp
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Responses

<table id="table-api">
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>200</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Success.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>404</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Not found.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

```jsx title="Sample Response"
{

>     "settings": {

Reviewer 2: should we add a separate Android response here? mostly asking tech content how could we display that

Author: let's keep this open.. 
In the meantime, you could find out if there are only two different "sets of settings" android & ios.. 
if so.. we could do 2 separate tabs.. 
but if e.g. simulator etc have all different sets of settings.. that is not a good solution.

Reviewer: ^Other than the 'kind' and 'identifier' settings, are there different/additional settings for Android? If so, we could add tabs as @josipbudzaki-sl suggested.

        "proxy": {
            "host": "",
            "port": 0
        },
        "audio_capture": false,
        "proxy_enabled": false,
        "lang": "en_GB",
        "orientation": null,
        "resigning_enabled": true,
        "resigning": {
            "image_injection": true,
            "group_directory": false,
            "biometrics": false,
            "sys_alerts_delay": false,
            "network_capture": false
        }
    },
    "kind": "ios",
    "identifier": "com.saucelabs.mydemoapp.ios"
}
```
</details>

---

### Edit App Storage Group Settings

<details><summary><span className="api put">PUT</span> <code>/v1/storage/groups/&#123;group_id&#125;/settings</code></summary>
<p/>

> Adds or updates the settings of the provided app group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds or updates the settings of an app group with the given ID.
```

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>group_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | INTEGER |</small></p><p>ID of the group of which settings need to be edited.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>json body</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| BODY | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>See sample response for possible settings.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<Tabs
groupId="dc-url"
defaultValue="us"
values={[
{label: 'United States', value: 'us'},
{label: 'Europe', value: 'eu'},
]}>

<TabItem value="us">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" \
--request PUT 'https://api.us-west-1.saucelabs.com/v1/storage/groups/2175303/settings' \

> --header 'Content-Type: text/html' \

Reviewer 3: it's rather application/json

--data-raw '{"settings":{"resigning":{"image_injection":false}}}'\
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="eu">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" \
--request PUT 'https://api.eu-central-1.saucelabs.com/v1/storage/groups/2175303/settings' \

> --header 'Content-Type: text/html' \

Author: done
